# Q: Which computer should I get?

Get a Macbook Pro. 

I fucking hate Apple, but this is still my answer having no other
information about your personal needs to go on. An MBP will fulfill most
people's needs the best (unless you are a gamer, which is a huge
exception). This is why high-profile UNIX/Linux people actually use a
Mac (Rob Pike, Linus Torvaldz, etc.) It just works.

My highest priority is fulfilling the needs of modern work requirements,
not gaming, not graphic design, not "influencing" and streaming, not
even sound engineering (which I love). This includes students focused on
the fastest growing technical fields: cloud native infrastructure
engineering, machine learning, security operations, etc.

In the days of free hardware-accelerated virtual machine software
(VirtualBox, HyperKit, etc.) and cloud native computing (containers and
Kubernetes) the operating system of a person's workstation matters very
little. Just get Docker (or any container runtime engine) and use that
for your significant Linux work (which will mostly be from the command
line, yes, even if you use VSCode).

The upcoming 2022 Beginner Boost series will be based *primarily* on
using workspace Linux containers (as with 2021) without a specific focus
on how to get a container runtime on your personal workstation. I will
be strongly suggesting that beginners get a Mac if they are going into
technical fields.

Why not replace Windows with Linux?

Installing Linux is not trivial for an absolute beginner. And most
organizations require either Windows or Mac in some form. This includes
1-1 school deployments and enterprise-scale organization with strong
remote VPN requirements (that Windows WSL2 simply does not support).

Related:

* [20211231195752](/20211231195752/) Ceasing All Research for Windows WSL2 Workstation
