# Robert Sapolsky, I Wanna Read Everything from Him

Just recently learned about Robert Sapolsky (from @ngcdi888 on Twitch).
His work is centralized on how stress affects cognition and can damage
the brain. OMG, I cannot get his books to me fast enough. My brain has
been so fucked up by stress. To the point where I even have a tick
(almost like Tourette's) when unpleasant stressors enter my brain. At
night with my wife before I fall asleep, my whole body ticks every five
minutes until I doze off, fighting off the intense thoughts of anxiety
about completely irrational worries. (Thank God for my wife, who is also
crazy in her own wonderful way.) All of this started after I got
unplugged from the Mormons (and all the drama that ensued).

I guess I just want to understand the Swiss cheese that is now my brain
because of all this. It has created a new me that didn't exist before,
not a bad me, just a different one. Before I was a master of
self-deception and perception management, wearing my khakis and living
more than just a double life. Like every Mormon, there was me, and there
was the me that I presented to the world. Not anymore. I'm just me now,
one, authentic, broken, asshole-y, passionate, sometimes kind, me.
People either like that person or they don't. I'm working on my own
progress in my own way, but if someone doesn't like it, FUCK 'EM! That
is there problem, not mine. There are plenty of people and jobs in the
world that are just fine with WHO I AM and I will not return to any
level of behavior other than that.

Time to get reading Sapolsky to understand myself better.

    #books #neurology #stress
