# So Many "Educational Review" Articles Lie to You

Just doing a casual search earlier today and found something called
TangoLearn and it's "10 Top Kubernetes Online Courses for 2021-22",
which is absolute shit. The give away is the disclaimer on the bottom of
the page:

> **Disclaimer:** When you buy through some links on our site, we may
> earn a commission. However this commission will not cost you anything
> extra.

(The lack of comma after "however" is their omission, not mine.)

It's no surprise to anyone that not a single resource listed is
available for free online. Every fucking one of them is on a paid
"training" platform, mostly Udemy and Coursera. Even though they state
at the bottom of the page that this has been reviewed "by 10 Kubernetes
experts" (who they do not dare to name for us to confirm) I can
personally confirm that the top Udemy stuff from Mumshad Mannambeth is
absolute shit. I know because I started going through it and was so
disgusted at the focus on flash over substance, the idiotic design, and
just flat-out lack of actual understanding of modern systems
administration that I got a refund after the first 10 days. I *really*
wanted to like it. I did.

The fact that so many have completed this "course" and think they are
prepared for the immense task of infrastructure engineering a Kubernetes
cluster is horrifying. No wonder good companies are hiring senior people
with solid Linux system administration and SRE skills and helping them
upskill using *real* methods instead of these shitty courses. My
contract recruiter just reached out to me today practically begging me
to send *anyone* with good Linux skills to him.

The simple reality is that the more flashy something is, and the more a
person focuses *only* on "teaching" something, the less likely the
content is going to be worth learning. This is why mentoring is so much
more valuable any "course" you could ever find. Pairing and shadowing
experienced professionals has been how learning UNIX/Linux has been done
for decades, and Kubernetes is just an extension of that. Mentoring is
really the only way to go, and giving mentors and those learning a road
map and the resources to do their own learning is the best way to learn.
This is further justification for creating an *open* credential merit
system that is not driven by affiliate links and hidden profits. 

Related:

* <https://www.tangolearn.com/best-kubernetes-training-online>

Tags:

    #k8s #training #rant #mentor
