# Dumb-Ass Filter: "I am UNFOLLOWING!"

I gotta say all this drama that this certain asshole on Twitch as
started (and continues to lie about because he's been caught now in
several lies and produced illegal PRs of this zettelkasten repo and
actually cares about his number of subs and followers) had brought me to
realize the solid benefit from the whole thing. The complete dumb-asses
who think that they can conclude everything they need to know about the
situation by trusting what this dick has to say love to come to my
channel and proclaim loudly or subtly:

"I am unfollowing!"

I actually burst out laughing every time. It's even better when they
attempt to insult me or correct my spelling (wrongly) and just continue
to make the initial point that created this drama in the first place, my
frustration with the idiocy on Twitch and YouTube and all that people
who continue to lower the bar with penis and toilet humor in order to
"just have fun" while teaching people to use Control-C instead of ESC in
Vim is just justified by all of this.

I'm not going to rehash the details, yet again. In fact, I refuse to
state my case any longer. People with critical thinking and even the
slightest modicum of actual interest will judge me themselves, not by
what someone prick feeling threatened has to say. And I'm sure there are
some things you can learn from him, from anyone.

Ironically, I could give a shit about the money and subs and followers,
which is exactly why it is so hilarious. The only reason I'm writing
this is to reinforce the truth that when someone proclaims they are
unfollowing you, without having even read a fucking word of what you
have written, or watched 10 minutes of your videos, that you should *be
glad* they have left your community and filtered their own dumb-asses
out of it. The people who remain are the cream of the crop, willing to
learn, to explore, to challenge you and your community, not take sides
in some juvenile drama that a prick with an inferiority complex and
imposter syndrome launches at you. This has been confirmed over and over
and over again.

So if anyone else ends up having to face this sort of drama, just know,
it's for the best in the end. Don't get mad, get busy.
