# Adding "Essentials" to Disambiguate Boost Badges

I've had an "Essentials" course for a long time at SKILSTAK, but the
term will be used to identify the scope and depth of the Beginner Boost
badges going forward. I've struggled for a while to know where to cut
off something as deep as Vim, for example. Linux in general has an
infinite number of things to learn. Calling a course even a *Beginner
Linux* course leaves no specific idea of how deep it will go. While it
is impossible to get specific in title, I can establish the expectation
for anything with the word "Essentials" in it.

"Essentials" therefore means:

    Only the required level necessary to fulfill other dependencies
    upon the thing being quantified including entry-level job
    descriptions.

The essentials are just enough to get you working and productive and
able to practice in such a way that most of the rest of the skill and
knowledge involving the thing will come through natural usage and
incremental learning through quick references while using it.

For example, an *Essential Linux Workstation* course or badge or video
would only cover enough to get you using a Linux workstation day to day.
It wouldn't cover ever possible configuration option, or Window manager.
In fact, it would probably only focus on PopOS or Mint and do so
unapologetically because the focus is to get up and running, the
essentials.

Anything that *doesn't* have "Essentials" in the name is considered,
therefore, to be exhaustive, covering the skill or topic in it's
entirety. This means names should use their own specificity to establish
scope where needed. *Bash* would need to cover everything in the bash
manual page. *Bash Scripting Essentials* might cover only the bare
minimum to script bash from the command line and make simple script
files. *Bash Scripting* would need to cover *everything* related to
bash scripting. *Bash Rapid Applications Development* would cover even
more including every single related topic and skill for rapid
applications development in bash, possibly even testing methods, use of
`jq` and `curl` and process management.

Related:

* [20210911132728](/20210911132728/) The Beginner Boostâ„¢ by Rob Muhlestein
* [20210718164932](/20210718164932/) Boost Badges Make Easier Learning Adventures

Tags:

    #boost #pedagogy #curriculum
