# Lost All Respect for Luke and Linus FUD Mongers

I made the mistake of tuning into *Linus Does Tech* (badly) Twitch
stream from my phone, where it was fucking impossible to read anything
happening on the screen forcing me to return to a computer to ever read
a damn thing (Linus is a fucking shit-poor streamer, but a lot better
YouTuber when he has a fucking editing team and huge griffing budget to
deal with). I really wish I had not. I would not be forced to write
this. Here's why I can't *not* rant about this.

Luke is a fucking moron who doesn't even understand the fundamental
premise of the Linux operating system itself. The "I just want a good
guide for this" requests from Linus are fundamentally against the Linux
reason for existing: choice. 

What made it absolutely insufferable was their insistence that the
"Linux community" is completely disconnected from reality, that "real"
and "normal" users just aren't ready for Linux implying the world will
never be ready for desktop Linux. And Luke specifically made dumb-ass
comments about my reference to Linux on Android saying, "Linux running
on Android" demonstrating his fundamental lack of technical clue about
how devices actually work. But, I would be absolutely fine just
unfollowing and actively avoiding that sell-out of a content "provider"
ever again, God knows others on YouTube are worse. But then he attacked
the community itself.

Hey dumb asses, Linux isn't just one thing and never was. The fact that
you didn't even know this basic assumption and even undertook your
shitty roast of Linux gaming is perfect evidence you don't have a
fucking clue. It would be like me never using a Mac before and trying to
install and play Minecraft on it, which requires a fair amount of
fucking with Java as well. Why the fuck would you even pick a Java game
to begin with and then proclaim that "Linux desktop gaming is just not
ready?" That's so fucking moronic I don't have words. Are you really
that fucking stupid? Are you really that incapable of doing minimal
background research before attempting this? Given your megaphone I would
think you would have at least done your job before prostituting yourself
for the FUD mongering about it.

I'm sure Luke and Linus will spin this as evidence of (mostly Luke's)
point, but Luke tried to laugh off his not understanding what an
operating system even is was so cringe I had to look away. His moronic
nervous laugh, refusing to accept that maybe there is something this
perception-managing asshole actually doesn't understand about the
fundamentals of computing (even though he's being paid to know) just
might be the real reason. This is the reason big bucks behind
shill-me-some-more YouTuber channels if *fucking dangerous* to the
common person watching. And, it's the reason I have to call it out.
(Remember, I'm not paid a dime by anyone but my viewers and have kept a
full-time job to ensure that my biases remain reduced.)

I don't want to to believe that the entire shit-fest was a calculated
attack on Linux itself, perhaps indirectly funded by their sponsors, but
I cannot rule it out. After all, this is a big fucking channel with a
lot of cash on the line and it would not be the first time they have
sold out. Linus is even warming up to Apple. Anyone else smell the Apple
fat-stacks lining Linus' new hipper Apple fanboy look? Prove me wrong
Linus, are getting money over or under the table to shill for the
world's most evil tech company? That has made a mockery of open source
by violating the laws governing BSD (the OS that "darwin" is built on).
If you are sincere, how about calling Apple out for their lack of
disclosure (against the law) that their entire fucking macOS is built on
the backs of BSD volunteer contributors, that the trillion-dollar
company is a massive fucking fraud that has given almost nothing back to
the open source world from which, in Steve Jobs words they have
"shamelessly" stolen so much. Why not do THAT video?

I'll tell you why. Because your huge cash cow would sudden dry up.
Because your a greedy, sponsorship tit sucking, ethically bankrupt
whore selling yourself to whomever pays the most. But don't worry,
you're not the only one. You'll keep doing it. You'll keep laughing at
the FOSS community while making money from them. You'll lump me together
with the rest of the crazy Linux users and go about your merry way, full
of cognitive dissonance protecting your from the truth, which writing
won't even help you understand. But the rest of us actually do
understand. And, by the way, it's not just 1%. Look around. Linux is not
taught officially in most British schools to children. Yes, children,
like mine who, without any help at all from me, learned to install their
own games and run them just fine on Linux, in the fucking 90s. It's even
easier now. 

Maybe I'm reading too much into it. Maybe it is just that they picked
the shittiest possible non-game to play on Linux, for no particular
reason. Why shit on Linux then? Why not shit on the game that clearly
does *not* support Linux at all? Why attack everyone who suggests using
a terminal for anything when it is the fucking game creators that are
requiring it? I played a *Windows only* game (Witcher) with Steam after
clicking on Proton and starting it with no fucking additional work. It
isn't Linux's fault that their shitty taste in games does not work on
Linux, or Steam. It's theirs. And this is the reason I'm the most pissed
off. This shit-stains refused to find any reason for their failure but
the objective reason for it, them. They picked a shitty game. They don't
know how to even research the Internet well. They can't even fucking
read the shitty instructions from their poorly chosen game, but they
whipped up their moronic viewership into a froth-at-the-mouth hatred for
all things Linux like dumb-shits with pitchforks running Windows 10.

They don't even see anything wrong with that. They take shitty pot shots
at an entire user base --- anyone who uses a terminal at all as being
"backward" and "not modern" --- all of which will immediately *stop*
watching Linus (I did long ago) because of the objective evidence they
have provided that they have no fucking clue about computers at all,
that is, when they are working with them in real-time without an editing
crew to make them look like they know what they are doing.

Luke and Linus you've just proved one thing: you need a lot more
schooling before you even understand the basics of computers. You're a
fucking fraud and you'll continue to be very popular with a certain
group of people, while the rest of the "1%" (as you claim) proceed to
master the Linux command line along with the GUI interface and proceed
to get the \$175,000 per year (average) jobs in cloud-native that you
would never dream of getting on your own. 

So laugh on, enjoy your mediocrity and ill-gotten gains shilling for the
highest corporate interest paying your pimp. It's not the first time,
and it won't be the last. But consider that the company that once
attacked Linux as being "a viral operating system" now has a full
division dedicated to Linux with 70% of its Azure base running Linux
servers. Sure they are servers and not desktops, sure they are not what
you can play your shitty Java game on. But maybe, just maybe, the OS and
community that brought Linux to the world needs a bit more respect.
After all, you toaster is probably running on it right now.

Perhaps tomorrow I'll cool down and change this some, perhaps not.
Tonight I'm just pissed. I've like Linus before, after all he does share
the name of the man who brought all this into existence. (Although, if
I'm honest, it's Anthony that I've really liked, even when Linus clearly
does his Linus thing to him.) I've loved his recommendations for
light-weight hardware to run Linux and enjoyed his commentary about it
in general, then there was tonight. When all the editors were asleep,
and just Luke and Linus are letting loose with their frustration, and
their whole fucking chat stream came unglued against the terminal and
Linux in general. They aren't Linux people and never will be, terminal
or not.

If I ever do get a response to this personal zettelkasten entry (which
they will say is something "a Linux person would say") it won't be
written, it will be some shit video that further promotes their own
interests, as usual. I do plan on making a video. But I just wanted to
capture my frustration now, before I sleep on it. Tomorrow, however, I'm
busy increasing the size of our Kubernetes cluster (which surprise is on
Linux, oh yeah, remember that whole fucking "container" thing, that was
Linux too). I have a job, a real job. But maybe after that.

Bottom line: they just don't fucking understand, don't want to
understand, and choose to attack instead of seek to understand. That's
why I'm mad.

Tags:

    #linux #youtube #rants
